And he said that, I've just made a deal with a
brilliant theoretical physicist by the name of
Dimitris Nanopoulos. And he comes from
Wisconsin, a Greek. And he said, boy, he's really
something. In fact, he was also one of the 12
potential Nobel laureates. He had been cited so
many times. There was a scientific American
citing. He says that he's willing to come to A&M to
be a theoretical physicist. His wife came down the
other day. She looked around and she said, no way.
What am I going to do? I said, I don't know. Send him
his wife down here. Maybe I'll show him around.
Maybe we'll figure out something. So I'll get
Russ, she'll get Ruth. We encourage them by how you
can work with our coroner. So she came down and
said, OK, I'll live in the woodland. But I'm not
going to say a conversation, period. I'm just
telling you what went on. And therefore, they
hired him. And he had been working with us, working
with A&M. He goes up there. band goes up there twice
a week and he teaches, you know, and does that.
That's why it can work with College Station,
because it's, you know, you get the cultural base
of Houston, and yet you're kind of in between,
about an hour and twenty minutes away or thirty
minutes away. And I think that if we get the Aggie
Express, it'd be closer. We're trying to work on
that, too. But that's an example of how we can work
with these universities. In geotechnology, I
know enough about the jobs of the nation, what we
have to do. that I think that there's certain
things that we can do together that would probably
find cash directly. And you still have to drill it
well and be successful 90% of the time, or 50% of the
time. One thing you said earlier was that the oil
industry really has never engaged in the kind of
research and development activities. No, but let
me say this. We've got something else that's
developing pretty quick, too. But anyway, I know
that we can do that. But the thing is this, we don't
have the top theoretical geophysicists of the
world here in any of those four universities. That
didn't make sense to me. But all the industries
here, they would work with us to help make these
people really, really get ahead. So in the tenure,
we'd do something. Now, we just put together,
after the National Problem Council
recommendation about three years ago, and I've
been working a year and a half doing it, I finally
got 23 companies, major companies and major
research companies, to agree to go together to do
research with heart. And that focus, that DOE is
supposed to match us in dollars. So now we're
trying to put that, it's been a terrible effort to
put it together, but I finally got to 23, I'm only at
25, I think. Major companies, independents,
Slumber J, service companies, and now for the
first time, we think we might have some chance
that, driven by the private sector, matching
money between DOE and the private sector, to be run
by HARC, but mainly work with the university and
with everything. Now, that's the type of thing
that Hart can do. See, this is what we're trying.
This is the way we're trying to save Hart. Create
those structures, those consortia. A structure,
that consortia, that way the privacy. Because
Houston is going to be the most dynamic town in the
Southwest. I know that. Dallas is good, but
Houston's going to be the best. Don't tell them
that, but I said that. However, how do we make this
thing not only for the benefit of Houston, Texas,
but the nation? That's what I think Hart can do.
That would be something. That is. That's an
exciting world you've been living in and
building. But I think that all these things have a
great deal of promise, and Joe and all of them are
interested in it, and I've got a lot of feedback
from others. Well, I think everybody is. That's
one thing. We found a great deal of unanimity in the
enthusiasm and the dedication, I think. Well,
anyway, I'm anxious to see what you all get put
together. Well, thank you, sir. We really
appreciate your time.